---
layout: page
title: Advanced Algorithm Design
description: COS521 @ Princeton
img: assets/img/cos521.png
importance: 4
category: cos
related_publications: 
---

# Description
This is the page for <a href="https://registrar.princeton.edu/course-offerings/course-details?term=1232&courseid=002099">a course at Princeton</a> taught by Profs. Matt Weinberg and Huacheng Yu that I took during Fall 2022. Below is the course description and some resources about the topic.

"Broadly covers algorithmic design ideas of the past few decades, preparing students to understand current research papers in algorithms. Although designed for computer science grads, it may be suitable for advanced undergrads and non-CS grads as well. The course is thematically distinct from undergrad algorithms (such as COS 423) in its extensive use of ideas such as randomness, optimization, approximation, and high dimensional geometry, which are increasingly important in applications. The course also exposes students to modern algorithmic concerns, including dealing with uncertainty and strategic (i.e., game-theoretic) behaviors."

This was my first serious brush with concentration inequalities, if that tells you anything :)

# Reading List
- The <a href="https://www.cs.princeton.edu/~hy2/teaching/fall22-cos521/index.html">course website</a>, complete with lectures and such.

# Notes & Problem Sets
- My <a href="/assets/pdf/cos521/notes.pdf">notes</a> from lecture.
- My problem sets! I don't think any are really awfully wrong, but some are incorrect for sure. Email me if there's anything to discuss:
    - <a href="/assets/pdf/cos521/ps1.pdf">PSet 1</a>
    - <a href="/assets/pdf/cos521/ps2.pdf">PSet 2</a>
    - <a href="/assets/pdf/cos521/ps3.pdf">PSet 3</a>
    - <a href="/assets/pdf/cos521/ps4.pdf">PSet 4</a>
- The <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.01634">final project</a> of my friend Jiatong Yu and myself.
